Chapter 20 I’m A Primordial Wolf
Maura’s POV

I slowly got into a normal routine with my royal life, and before I realized it, it was the day of my birthday.

Today I was a 19 years old girl!

Henry wanted to make my birthday unique, so he planned a big dinner with a big surprise.

While I was wandering around the gardens, a hug pulled me from my thoughts.

I turned around and saw my favorite faces mom and dad.

I had no idea I had missed them so much until I immediately screamed.

"Mom! Dad!"

"Maura, how are you these days?" Mom was so excited that she rushed to hug me, and her hand kept touching my cheeks gently.

I felt my dad’s touch on my hair. Tears dropped down from my eyes. I was used to seeing them, hugging them, and kissing them anytime I wanted.

"Mom, dad, I'm fine. I don't know what to say, you and dad never told me about your arrival. I missed you so much.”

The royal castle was far away from home, and Henry was the one who decided when they could meet me. Because not everyone had the honor to meet Prince Henry at any time.

Mom flashed me a warm smile, and I reciprocated it with one of mine.

"Look at you, Maura. After living with Prince Henry, you look so gorgeous, your mate must love you deeper than anyone else."

“Mom, how did you know that?” I asked in confusion.

Mom chuckled with amusement. "My lamb, I can feel Prince Henry's scent lingering on your body from ten meters away."

I lowered my face to hide my shyness and awkwardness.

"Welcome to the castle! I'm glad you arrived earlier." Henry noticed us and said.

I glared up at Henry as he slowly walked to us. Mom still hugged me tightly while dad wiped away his tears.

Henry's gaze landed on my mom's hand and dad's hand, he frowned.

His face had a smiling mask on, but I could read that he was not happy. Like he had caught me doing something bad I was not supposed to.

Henry in a black silk shirt and white pants looked more handsome.

His aura around us was thick, and my parents felt the urge to submit like a normal werewolf to a Lycan Prince.

"Thanks for inviting us for Maura's birthday, Prince Henry." Mum stuttered beside me while dad tried to read something from Henry's face.

Mum still showed a sign of fear, I knew she was afraid of Henry's aura, it was born from her blood.

Henry slid to my side and wrapped an arm around my waist to smash to him as I faced my mom. I could feel my mom's eyes wide open at Henry's publish show of my ownership.

I stared at his gaze and realized that he wanted to take me away from my parents even though he invited them.

He was jealous of the relationship between me and my parents.

Luckily he didn't, though, told to my parents. Instead, he smiled nicely before leading us to where the table had been set already.

"Please, do have a seat."

"I'm sorry we couldn't have a proper time last time to introduce each other. I was in a hurry to take Maura away." Henry's strong arm was possessively around my waist as he said.

He flashed his sharp teeth in a grin.

"But now that we're all here tonight to celebrate my mate's birthday tonight. I'm sure we can have a nice chat together and I have here."

"Your Majesty, my daughter looks..." My dad politely started.

"Please, call me Henry. We are a family as soon as I marry your daughter, and I'll mark her very soon when her heat is arriving." Henry cut him off with a smile.

My cheeks blushed, and Henry crushed me further into his body.

Dad didn't know how to respond, so he let out a serious cough to reduce the embarrassment in the air.

"Okay, then, Henry. Thank you for sending us gold, silver, many diamonds and jewels."

"That's very generous of you, Henry." My mom nodded her head.

My mouth gaped with astonishment on my face.

Gold? Silver?

"How much money did these things worth?"

"Oh, I forget it. Maybe ten million dollars." Henry shrugged his shoulders.

It was not unusual for the male werewolf to please his mate's family. It was a tradition all werewolves alike follow. Some gave rights, some sent lands, and some gave jewels.

But Henry sent way too much.

"You're the parents of Future Queen, you and your family deserve the best." Henry touched my waist where he had bitten and licked last night.

My spine shivered.

My dad's gaze was all through landed on me, he made me fidget on the place with my eyes staring at anywhere but Henry.

What if he found out the lovebites on my neck?

"Now, after Maura's birthday, you two can directly fly to Paris to spend the whole next two weeks. I heard your 30 years wedding anniversary is coming soon, and I'd love to send you a surprise to celebrate it. The hotel and everything else you need will be taken off, and all you two need is to have fun and relax."

"Henry, I... you're giving my parents too much." I swallowed hard.

Henry waved his hand to motion to Liam, who kept standing behind him quietly.

"Liam, if my parents-in-law need anything else, they can ask for you. You must help them as quick as you can."

"Than...Thank you, Henry. We can't express our happiness at your surprise." Dad opened his mouth after a few seconds, with an unbelievable look registered on his face.

Henry politely smiled while still wrapping around my waist tightly.

My mom's gaze met dad's, after sharing their attitude, dad said, "Henry, Maura is our only child, and her happiness is the only thing we cared about. We're the Alpha and Luna of my pack, and there is nothing need to change it."

Dad nodded his head to support dad, "yes. Henry."

“Henry, we have one important thing to explain, that’s why we flight five hours to meet Maura.” Dad looked at Henry.

“What happened to Maura?”

“Henry, I guess you find out you can’t mark Maura, right?”

Henry’s muscles from the back were taut and rigid.

“Yes. I thought because Maura is young and she needs time to heal her heart wounds.”

“No,” dad said.

"Dad?" I asked in confusion.

"Maura, do you understand that this is more serious than you thought?"

"So that's why you and mom are coming to me."

Dad asked me to stand under the full moon and tried to shift.

“Dad, is there something wrong with Vanilla?” I asked him.

“Maura, today is your 19th birthday, your wolf will change into another one, a brand new you, also the real you.”

I moved my head to Henry, he touched me with a confident smile.

“Don’t worry, I’m here with you.”

I nodded and walked to the ground, trying to shift.

But as Vanilla showed up, she began to shift and grow bigger, my body felt extreme amounts of pain, the bones were cracked and the blood ran so fast that my heart almost popped out.

I bent down to the ground, screamed and rolled around. Dad told me to allow Vanilla to take control, thus making me reduce some pain in my own body.

When the hell was all over, I saw a beautiful black wolf standing where I previously lay down.

I had the Alpha blood, out of my expectations, my wolf Vanilla was still a deep brown almost black with white tips on her ears and tail, but it was much larger than the average, almost as big as a Lycan wolf.

And there was an unusual aura of power emanating from me.

“Dad, what happened? How could I shift into a new wolf?"

Everyone's eyes locked on my wolf Vanilla and shocked.

Under the sunlight, my fur, my eyelashes, my sharp claws, and even my tails glittered like thousands of diamonds were pasted on the body.

"Henry, is there anything going wrong? I don't understand." I noticed Henry was staring at me with a serious face.

Nothing is wrong, Maura. We just grew up and shifted perfectly. That is who we really are.

Vanilla? What are you talking about, and why had I never heard of this strange species before? And what's wrong with our bodies? Our body is shining.

Nothing goes wrong. It simply reveals our rare but true selves.

Vanilla, stop telling jocks. It's not funny.

We're The Primordial, Maura.

The Primordial? What does that mean?

Our species was recorded in 1,400 B.C. We're the most powerful werewolf on the whole. Our powers that possess are mind reading, the ability to heal anybody, and being immune to dark magic and premonition.

You mean, I have the superpowers now?!! Adam, Lyra, and most of the pack members always laughed at me that I was useless.

Of course, Maura! Vanilla said in excitement.

“Maura is a Primordial?” Henry looked at my parents and waited for their answer.

"Yes, Henry. That's one of the important reasons we hide her true identity."

"We need to hide her away from the public," Henry ordered Liam immediately.

"Liam, write down all the warriors and the servants who live in the castle today, no one is allowed to leak a word about Maura."

"Henry, why you're so worried?"

"Maura, no female Primordials were recorded in history, do you know why?"

"No."

"The female Primordials are so powerful that they usually were killed by vampires, witches, werewolf hunters and warlocks. Most of them were killed by werewolves because the werewolves were afraid of them gaining their powers to rule them."

"You mean, I might be in danger? This is absurd."

"Now I need to get you in a safe place first."

Okay.

Henry led our way up to his private office, and Liam went in first to secure the private and safe. Once he checked all, Henry escorted me and my parents in and locked the door.

I sat on the sofa, Henry pulled me into his lap and gently touched my back to comfort my stress.

"Dad, can you tell me why I'm a Primordial?" I couldn't believe what I was hearing.

"Well, I was not 100% sure about it, but when you were 18 years old and I saw Vanilla, I guessed you were a Primordial."

As dad explained, we all listened in shock.

"One thousand years ago, a male Primordial was born in our family, his premonition told us after these thousand years, there would be a female Primordial who would also grow up in our family. Maura is the only girl in our family, so I’m sure she’s a Primordial ."

Vanilla jumped and danced around in my mind, she had known she was unique, she just needed to patiently wait for the time until I grew up and finish the whole shift process.

I lift my eyes and blinked several times.

Am I the most powerful Primordial?

"Anyone who marries her would be able to have the strongest heir with unlimited powers in the world, and that heir has enough power to conquer vampires and witches."

I rubbed my temples and watched Henry stare at me with concern.

"The male told us that the female heir would be blessed with more powers even than a Lycan werewolf."

Henry spoke up with a question that I was confused either.

"Did I do anything to help Maura magnify her powers?"

"Henry, it's your love. Your love bond you two together, making you share souls, bodies and minds. It's your love to let her superpowers can reveal."

"A her parents there is nothing we can do. Only you can help her, Henry. As long as you love her support her and nurture her, I'm sure she will reveal the immense amount of powers that she was born to have." Mom added.

"We all know Maura has no power in the past, so when we will figure out what powers she will have?" Henry frowned.

"I don't know, Henry. It would be up to her wolf Vanilla to decide how and when to reveal her power. No one has a chance to know except herself."

All eyes focused on me again, and I was beginning to feel stressed. I never liked being the most important role in the crowd when I was just a useless wolf, and this was a hundred times worst.

Henry gave me an encouraging smile, I took a deep breath, "Mom, dad, Henry, give me some minutes to process what you're telling me."

"Maura is my mate, I'll make sure she can harness her powers without any dangers, and also I'll keep the bond between us stay strong."

"Which is why I agree Maura move out of home and live with you," Dad said.

"Dad, I'm pissed off, it was the first time you told me who I really am. And now this? Dad, this is a big problem. How am I supposed to deal with it and keep worrying that some bloody enemies are after me?" I asked.

"I'll keep an eye on her to check what power she will be capable of. No one can hurt her.” Henry grabbed my waist.

Mom wiped her tears, "Maura, being our daughter is an easy thing, but being a Princess Consort and future Queen is another thing. Your mate is the most powerful male werewolf of all of existence. That's why we don't want to hide the truth. Prince Henry can protect you."

"As your daughter's mate, I can promise all of you, that I'll love her, and support her forever. She doesn't need to feel panic, to feel anxious. I'm her mate, her only true love and her foundation." Henry made a promise to my parents.

Both dad and mom smiled with thanks.


Chapter 21 Rogues And Crimes
Maura’s POV

Since I knew the rare breed of me, I hadn't seen much of Henry, and somehow I worried about him.

During these days, Henry, Liam and many other persons were cooped up in Henry's private office, most of the time the office door opened until the late hours of the night.

As I decided to serve them sandwiches and lemonade, prepared to pull out my hand to knock on the door, suddenly the muffled voice stopped my hand's movement.

"Henry, the rogues kept attacking our kingdom and we found out these rogues were stronger than normal ones."

To be honest, I had a strange feeling lately like someone was tailing and stalking me, but I searched around and couldn't find out anyone there.

I wondered if the rogue attacking issues could have anything to do with that.

Knock! Knock! Knock!

"Henry, it's me!"

"Maura, please come in."

When I entered, Henry, Liam and the rest of the men kept talking quietly to one another, all of them wore tired faces like they almost were going to faint.

They kept working and fighting so much without taking a break, and that wasn't good for them. I needed to see what I could do to help them.

“Henry, what's going on? I hear about the rogues' attacks." I asked with concern.

My legs walked around the table and sat down beside Henry.

“Maura, it's very late now. I thought you had fallen asleep."

"My stomach was starving and I prepared some delicious food for myself, but I was not in the mood unless I eat with my favorite love. So why wouldn't I be here? "

Liam looked at our mushy exchange like he was forced to watch a romantic movie.

"Henry? Liam? What the hell is going on? Can anybody tell me?" I served the food and lemonade on the table.

Liam and the rest of the men turned their heads to Henry to see what they should say. Should they keep silent, or tell me the truth about what had been going on recently?

“I would like to know what went down during these days, my mate didn't have enough time to have one breakfast with me. And I know the things you're dealing with are tough."

Henry took a big bite of the sandwich, and after a while, he decided to tell me about what they were talking about.

"Maura is my mate, she has the same right as I do, and she had the full rights to rule the kingdom in the future."

Liam nodded his head and bowed to me, “we've dealt with an increase in rogue attacks, not only along the border but also on the territory. In order to fight them, we increased the number of security measures, but these rogues still kept attacking us as if their team kept getting stronger. But we don't know how to lead them and what their motives are. "

"We caught two unknown rogues who had jumped off a waterfall and right to the land with our territory were suspect, and we found out they used dark magic."

“Dark magic?” I pressed my lips together.

Liam said, "using dark magic, the rogues passed through the border unseen. We don't know who their leader is, or what they crave for, but it's definitely dark magic."

"Did our patrols fail to find out them while the crossing over?" I asked

"Yes. But they wanted to be found out when they arrived at the castle, I didn't know what their plan was." Henry rubbed his eyes and took a heavy sigh, he didn't sleep an hour during the past three days.

“They had arrived at the castle! That’s horrible.” I felt a bit scared.

Henry kept explaining to me, "we killed most of the rogues, but some who fled from us usually run to you in the woods around the castle, and once we found out their weird pattern, I ordered a team of warriors to protect you. This is why I don't let you out of the castle alone in these past days."

Damn it! I felt it! I always feel some stalker staring at me all the time, and it drove me crazy.

These stalkers must be rogues.

"I know they surrounded me all the time." I calmed myself down and said.

They all looked shocked that I wasn't screaming out over the fact that many dangerous rogues kept following me and watching me in my own place.

"They want you?!!" Henry asked.

"Henry, calm down. Maybe it's Maura's hypothetical guess." Liam tried to release Henry's stress.

"Henry, it's not a big deal, okay? I mean, they kept watching me and I did feel some evil gaze land on me, but they didn't do anything."

“Maura, are you serious?" Henry completely lost control.

I looked at Henry's rapidly paling face then nodded my head.

“Ugh! I mean, no hypothetically, these rogues’ target is me, I guess."

I was scared of these dangerous rogues, but deep inside of my heart I knew that I need to get useful information that I have to know from Henry.

They stared at me blankly.

“Maura!" Henry held me tightly and shouted my name, and I squeaked with shock.

The rest of the men's jaws almost dropped, and their eyes almost popped out.

I patted Henry's shoulder and said, "come on, Henry! Let me help you. I'm just wandering around the castle doing nothing all day except picking up the fancy clothes and dating you, maybe I can help you like figure out how to fight with them.”

Liam giggled loud as Henry grabbed my hand and kissed my palm.

"I have a theory, Henry. Amelia tried to poison me with a bottle of liquid, and that liquid is made from dark magic, right?"

Henry was almost shocked by the lemonade he was drinking. He didn't expect me to say that when his men were sat here with theories of their own.

“What do you mean?” Henry asked.

"I'm not sure about it. I mean, if Amelia was behind this, she could kidnap me, slide my throat directly or do something. Instead, she used the poison."

All of the men agreed with me and nodded their heads.

“It could have been an evil person who knew my real identity and wanted to kill me or just own me."

"Maura's real identity? I don't understand what you're talking about." Liam narrowed his eyebrows.

"I'm a Primordial wolf."

"A... Primordial wolf!" Liam and the rest of the men were shocked.

"Henry's mate is a Primordial wolf... A Primordial" Liam kept emphasizing Primordial as if to convince him that he was not living in a dream.

Then all of them roared with laughter.

Henry rolled his eyes and ignored them. He decided to continue to talk with me.

"Maura, I thought of that one as well. I think maybe someone knew your family history and might figure out you're a Primordial wolf as well."

"So that person behind us must have been extremely close to my family and had noticed some signs before I shifted. The rogues might be observers and the confirmation of my abilities and powers. "

"I think, Amelia is just a tool to test us. She was pissed off at me and was jealous of a normal girl being Henry's mate. Then an evil witch who we not even on our radar wished me to die or kidnap me, that witch use dark magic to make poisons to test whether I could be immune to dark magic."

"And you do have the ability to figure out the dark magic before you drink it." Henry cleared his throat and nodded his head.

"Wow, in this case, it makes the rogue attacks and dark magic issues difficult.” Liam sighed.

Henry closed his eye and took a deep breath, then he looked at my face in concern and said, "we'll have to start with Amelia's poison resourced, that's all we need to dig into at this moment."

I spun him around and cupped his face in my both hands, kissing directly his forehead. “I’ll be fine, Henry.”

He buried his head in my hair, there were dark circles under his beautiful eyes, and deep creases landed on his forehead.

A surge of strange power flowed through my body and I felt my body start to get warm.

My skin was shining and there was a white blaze licked across me and Henry like I'd been set on fire.

Through the window, moonlight streamed through and Vanilla lifted her head to the sky and howled in my mind.

Henry started to relax and by the time my body stopped spinning, Henry looked at me in shock.

“Henry, what's going on? Why are you looking at me like this?”

"What did you do, Maura? When your body started shining, your eyes turned gold."

"Uhh... I just want to relax Henry, and followed my instincts."

"The ability to heal anybody," Liam whispered.

Well, this moment had taken an unexpected turn.

Adam’s POV

I woke up in the woods with a severe headache, covered in someone's blood, brown dirt and leaves. My body felt like I had been torn apart many times.

I had no clue where I was or how I was in a mess.

Looking around, I saw Lyra lying down next to the bed, her nude body has multiple contusions and lacerations, and I could see her bones piercing through her ankle. Her lacerations were oozing blood and couldn't heal.

My gaze focused on the room, it was decorated with black fabric and red furniture, it looked like a vampire's living room.

"What the hell is going on? What happened to me?" I whispered to myself. Something was not right.

I turned on my cellphone then realized I couldn't remember anything from the past days.

Just then, a heavy knock on the door made me stand up and prepared to fight.

Because I could smell blood from that person.

I was weak at this moment, but still, I was an Alpha and a warrior.

“Damn it! Adam, you can do this! Maura is waiting for you.” I clenched my jaw and gave myself an encouraging pep talk.

Whoever outside, I wouldn't let them kidnap me again.

"Master, may I come in?" That person asked.

I calmed myself down then said, "come in."

Out of my expectations, that person opened the door and I couldn't believe what I was seeing.

This couldn't be real!

The monster in front of me was torn and ragged, some muscles of his thighs were dropping down. His torso and face were covered with oozing blood, infection and flies.

The smell of him was decay and death.

He was a real rogue!

Did rogues capture me several days before and lock me in this room? Maybe this is the reason for my memory loss.

But why did this rogue call me "Master"?

Finally, you’re awake. Shawn talked to me in my mind.

What do you mean? I don’t understand.

This rogue calls us “Master”, I think you know why.

What the Hell! We’re the rogues now?!!

Shawn had really lost his mind, he cooperated with dark witches and became "The King of the Rogues."

Shawn had been ordering rogues into the royal castle to stalk Maura and Prince Henry to bring back useful information he could use to kidnap Maura.

Hahahah... We both are rogues by now.

Stop being a bloody nut, Shawn! You've destroyed my life and taken me away from my pack. I used to be the Alpha of the Opal Moon pack, but now I am a victim of my pack.

Maura is my mate, I told you I love her and won't let her go!

Why? Why you're obsessed with her? Don't tell me it has something to do with Primordial wolf.

Oh, so sad, you knew that.

But why you didn't tell me about that? Our mate Maura is a Primordial wolf, and our kids would be the strongest werewolves in the world.

Let me tell you one thing, you morron, I knew more things than you know. You nut!

Well, it doesn't matter. Tomorrow, Maura will be underneath my body, screaming my name and begging me for making love.

Luckily, a girl named Amelia gave us a little extra help from your old whore Lyra. She will do anything we ask for if she thinks it will help her win Prince Henry's heart again.

You can't do this! I won't let you do this! Shawn, you're only my wolf, you must listen to me no matter what I say.

Yes, I can, you idiot!

Then my thought was sucked back into the black.