Chapter 20 I’m A Primordial Wolf
Maura’s POV

I slowly got into a normal routine with my royal life, and before I realized it, it was the day of my birthday.

Today I was a 19 years old girl!

Henry wanted to make my birthday unique, so he planned a big dinner with a big surprise.

While I was wandering around the gardens, a hug pulled me from my thoughts.

I turned around and saw my favorite faces mom and dad.

I had no idea I had missed them so much until I immediately screamed.

"Mom! Dad!"

"Maura, how are you these days?" Mom was so excited that she rushed to hug me, and her hand kept touching my cheeks gently.

I felt my dad’s touch on my hair. Tears dropped down from my eyes. I was used to seeing them, hugging them, and kissing them anytime I wanted.

"Mom, dad, I'm fine. I don't know what to say, you and dad never told me about your arrival. I missed you so much.”

The royal castle was far away from home, and Henry was the one who decided when they could meet me. Because not everyone had the honor to meet Prince Henry at any time.

Mom flashed me a warm smile, and I reciprocated it with one of mine.

"Look at you, Maura. After living with Prince Henry, you look so gorgeous, your mate must love you deeper than anyone else."

“Mom, how did you know that?” I asked in confusion.

Mom chuckled with amusement. "My lamb, I can feel Prince Henry's scent lingering on your body from ten meters away."

I lowered my face to hide my shyness and awkwardness.

"Welcome to the castle! I'm glad you arrived earlier." Henry noticed us and said.

I glared up at Henry as he slowly walked to us. Mom still hugged me tightly while dad wiped away his tears.

Henry's gaze landed on my mom's hand and dad's hand, he frowned.

His face had a smiling mask on, but I could read that he was not happy. Like he had caught me doing something bad I was not supposed to.

Henry in a black silk shirt and white pants looked more handsome.

His aura around us was thick, and my parents felt the urge to submit like a normal werewolf to a Lycan Prince.

"Thanks for inviting us for Maura's birthday, Prince Henry." Mum stuttered beside me while dad tried to read something from Henry's face.

Mum still showed a sign of fear, I knew she was afraid of Henry's aura, it was born from her blood.

Henry slid to my side and wrapped an arm around my waist to smash to him as I faced my mom. I could feel my mom's eyes wide open at Henry's publish show of my ownership.

I stared at his gaze and realized that he wanted to take me away from my parents even though he invited them.

He was jealous of the relationship between me and my parents.

Luckily he didn't, though, told to my parents. Instead, he smiled nicely before leading us to where the table had been set already.

"Please, do have a seat."

"I'm sorry we couldn't have a proper time last time to introduce each other. I was in a hurry to take Maura away." Henry's strong arm was possessively around my waist as he said.

He flashed his sharp teeth in a grin.

"But now that we're all here tonight to celebrate my mate's birthday tonight. I'm sure we can have a nice chat together and I have here."

"Your Majesty, my daughter looks..." My dad politely started.

"Please, call me Henry. We are a family as soon as I marry your daughter, and I'll mark her very soon when her heat is arriving." Henry cut him off with a smile.

My cheeks blushed, and Henry crushed me further into his body.

Dad didn't know how to respond, so he let out a serious cough to reduce the embarrassment in the air.

"Okay, then, Henry. Thank you for sending us gold, silver, many diamonds and jewels."

"That's very generous of you, Henry." My mom nodded her head.

My mouth gaped with astonishment on my face.

Gold? Silver?

"How much money did these things worth?"

"Oh, I forget it. Maybe ten million dollars." Henry shrugged his shoulders.

It was not unusual for the male werewolf to please his mate's family. It was a tradition all werewolves alike follow. Some gave rights, some sent lands, and some gave jewels.

But Henry sent way too much.

"You're the parents of Future Queen, you and your family deserve the best." Henry touched my waist where he had bitten and licked last night.

My spine shivered.

My dad's gaze was all through landed on me, he made me fidget on the place with my eyes staring at anywhere but Henry.

What if he found out the lovebites on my neck?

"Now, after Maura's birthday, you two can directly fly to Paris to spend the whole next two weeks. I heard your 30 years wedding anniversary is coming soon, and I'd love to send you a surprise to celebrate it. The hotel and everything else you need will be taken off, and all you two need is to have fun and relax."

"Henry, I... you're giving my parents too much." I swallowed hard.

Henry waved his hand to motion to Liam, who kept standing behind him quietly.

"Liam, if my parents-in-law need anything else, they can ask for you. You must help them as quick as you can."

"Than...Thank you, Henry. We can't express our happiness at your surprise." Dad opened his mouth after a few seconds, with an unbelievable look registered on his face.

Henry politely smiled while still wrapping around my waist tightly.

My mom's gaze met dad's, after sharing their attitude, dad said, "Henry, Maura is our only child, and her happiness is the only thing we cared about. We're the Alpha and Luna of my pack, and there is nothing need to change it."

Dad nodded his head to support dad, "yes. Henry."

“Henry, we have one important thing to explain, that’s why we flight five hours to meet Maura.” Dad looked at Henry.

“What happened to Maura?”

“Henry, I guess you find out you can’t mark Maura, right?”

Henry’s muscles from the back were taut and rigid.

“Yes. I thought because Maura is young and she needs time to heal her heart wounds.”

“No,” dad said.

"Dad?" I asked in confusion.

"Maura, do you understand that this is more serious than you thought?"

"So that's why you and mom are coming to me."

Dad asked me to stand under the full moon and tried to shift.

“Dad, is there something wrong with Vanilla?” I asked him.

“Maura, today is your 19th birthday, your wolf will change into another one, a brand new you, also the real you.”

I moved my head to Henry, he touched me with a confident smile.

“Don’t worry, I’m here with you.”

I nodded and walked to the ground, trying to shift.

But as Vanilla showed up, she began to shift and grow bigger, my body felt extreme amounts of pain, the bones were cracked and the blood ran so fast that my heart almost popped out.

I bent down to the ground, screamed and rolled around. Dad told me to allow Vanilla to take control, thus making me reduce some pain in my own body.

When the hell was all over, I saw a beautiful black wolf standing where I previously lay down.

I had the Alpha blood, out of my expectations, my wolf Vanilla was still a deep brown almost black with white tips on her ears and tail, but it was much larger than the average, almost as big as a Lycan wolf.

And there was an unusual aura of power emanating from me.

“Dad, what happened? How could I shift into a new wolf?"

Everyone's eyes locked on my wolf Vanilla and shocked.

Under the sunlight, my fur, my eyelashes, my sharp claws, and even my tails glittered like thousands of diamonds were pasted on the body.

"Henry, is there anything going wrong? I don't understand." I noticed Henry was staring at me with a serious face.

Nothing is wrong, Maura. We just grew up and shifted perfectly. That is who we really are.

Vanilla? What are you talking about, and why had I never heard of this strange species before? And what's wrong with our bodies? Our body is shining.

Nothing goes wrong. It simply reveals our rare but true selves.

Vanilla, stop telling jocks. It's not funny.

We're The Primordial, Maura.

The Primordial? What does that mean?

Our species was recorded in 1,400 B.C. We're the most powerful werewolf on the whole. Our powers that possess are mind reading, the ability to heal anybody, and being immune to dark magic and premonition.

You mean, I have the superpowers now?!! Adam, Lyra, and most of the pack members always laughed at me that I was useless.

Of course, Maura! Vanilla said in excitement.

“Maura is a Primordial?” Henry looked at my parents and waited for their answer.

"Yes, Henry. That's one of the important reasons we hide her true identity."

"We need to hide her away from the public," Henry ordered Liam immediately.

"Liam, write down all the warriors and the servants who live in the castle today, no one is allowed to leak a word about Maura."

"Henry, why you're so worried?"

"Maura, no female Primordials were recorded in history, do you know why?"

"No."

"The female Primordials are so powerful that they usually were killed by vampires, witches, werewolf hunters and warlocks. Most of them were killed by werewolves because the werewolves were afraid of them gaining their powers to rule them."

"You mean, I might be in danger? This is absurd."

"Now I need to get you in a safe place first."

Okay.

Henry led our way up to his private office, and Liam went in first to secure the private and safe. Once he checked all, Henry escorted me and my parents in and locked the door.

I sat on the sofa, Henry pulled me into his lap and gently touched my back to comfort my stress.

"Dad, can you tell me why I'm a Primordial?" I couldn't believe what I was hearing.

"Well, I was not 100% sure about it, but when you were 18 years old and I saw Vanilla, I guessed you were a Primordial."

As dad explained, we all listened in shock.

"One thousand years ago, a male Primordial was born in our family, his premonition told us after these thousand years, there would be a female Primordial who would also grow up in our family. Maura is the only girl in our family, so I’m sure she’s a Primordial ."

Vanilla jumped and danced around in my mind, she had known she was unique, she just needed to patiently wait for the time until I grew up and finish the whole shift process.

I lift my eyes and blinked several times.

Am I the most powerful Primordial?

"Anyone who marries her would be able to have the strongest heir with unlimited powers in the world, and that heir has enough power to conquer vampires and witches."

I rubbed my temples and watched Henry stare at me with concern.

"The male told us that the female heir would be blessed with more powers even than a Lycan werewolf."

Henry spoke up with a question that I was confused either.

"Did I do anything to help Maura magnify her powers?"

"Henry, it's your love. Your love bond you two together, making you share souls, bodies and minds. It's your love to let her superpowers can reveal."

"A her parents there is nothing we can do. Only you can help her, Henry. As long as you love her support her and nurture her, I'm sure she will reveal the immense amount of powers that she was born to have." Mom added.

"We all know Maura has no power in the past, so when we will figure out what powers she will have?" Henry frowned.

"I don't know, Henry. It would be up to her wolf Vanilla to decide how and when to reveal her power. No one has a chance to know except herself."

All eyes focused on me again, and I was beginning to feel stressed. I never liked being the most important role in the crowd when I was just a useless wolf, and this was a hundred times worst.

Henry gave me an encouraging smile, I took a deep breath, "Mom, dad, Henry, give me some minutes to process what you're telling me."

"Maura is my mate, I'll make sure she can harness her powers without any dangers, and also I'll keep the bond between us stay strong."

"Which is why I agree Maura move out of home and live with you," Dad said.

"Dad, I'm pissed off, it was the first time you told me who I really am. And now this? Dad, this is a big problem. How am I supposed to deal with it and keep worrying that some bloody enemies are after me?" I asked.

"I'll keep an eye on her to check what power she will be capable of. No one can hurt her.” Henry grabbed my waist.

Mom wiped her tears, "Maura, being our daughter is an easy thing, but being a Princess Consort and future Queen is another thing. Your mate is the most powerful male werewolf of all of existence. That's why we don't want to hide the truth. Prince Henry can protect you."

"As your daughter's mate, I can promise all of you, that I'll love her, and support her forever. She doesn't need to feel panic, to feel anxious. I'm her mate, her only true love and her foundation." Henry made a promise to my parents.

Both dad and mom smiled with thanks.