Chapter 22 Maura Was Kidnapped
Henry’s POV

Since Maura’s parents Tara and Neil were invited to my castle, Maura couldn’t stop smiling all the time.

So I decided to invite her parents to have breakfast with us.

As Maura still fell asleep in our bed, I went to the kitchen directly. Maura's mom wore a big smile when she saw me.

“Thanks for inviting us for the breakfast, Henry,” Tara said to me.

“You’re my mother-in-law, we’re a family.” I smiled.

I was a serious man with a cold face always, but to Maura, I was a good judge of character when I had to meet with her parents and family. I could show Maura and her parents I was very nice and close also.

Maura's dad Neil patted my shoulders, “I’m pretty sure you will be a good husband, and Maura will be happy every day again.”

"It's good to see Maura's smile again. I hate what that bloody Adam did to her." Tara gave me a hug.

I had a feeling Tara liked me and was satisfied with my care for Maura.

"Yes. I took the time to heal her wounds. Her ex was hurting her heart, but I know as long as I love her, she will be okay. And Adam has no nerve to challenge a Lycan Prince." I said confidence in my voice when I spoke about Maura.

"No one loved Adam. For god sake, we used to put up with him for Maura. We like you, Henry. I can feel Maura get full of love from you." Neil patted my shoulders.

Neil and chatted and giggled about Maura's childhood as we waited for Maura to come to the kitchen and enjoy breakfast with us.

"Mom, dad, I see you two are getting along with Henry." Maura entered the kitchen and rushed for her mom's kiss.

Tara wrapped her arms around Maura's hair, giving her a warm kiss. "morning, my little Maura. I cook you some homemade food."

"Thanks, mom! I've been missing mom's food every day!"

I heard Tara whisper in Maura's ear, "I heard Prince Henry cooked several breakfasts for you."

I leaned my ear to hear them.

"Yes, he's a good Chef. Believe me or not, he cooks better than me, and he was not allowed me to cook for him. He said a good husband should never let her wife busy around the food."

"Okay. He's really crazy about you, uh?" Tara smiled nodding towards me.

Maura nodded her head in shyness.

My heart belongs to her. I did want to say that.

Ring! Ring!Ring!

Neil’s phone rang, it was a message.

He read and frowned, asking Tara to talk in private. Then they walked to a small room which was next to the kitchen.

“Come here, Maura,” I said.

I watched her face move closer and closer, I leaned down and kissed her gently on her cute little mouth.

“I just want to say, I love you.”

She looked into my eyes, smiled, and the sight of that smile brought real love to her eye.

She bent down and gave me a tender kiss.

“Thank you, sweetheart,” she murmured. “I love you too." She pursed her lips, and again I wanted to kiss her.

The urge to kiss her grew unbearable, so I simply wrapped his left arm around her waist, put my right arm under her thighs, and raised up my girl.

"We should stop kissing." She giggled.

"No, I don't want to stop."

"Mom and dad are nearby. I don't think they would appreciate our kissing show in the kitchen." She chucked and held my jaw.

"Baby, I very regret to invite them to come to the breakfast." I kiss her small nose.

"Probably not." Her right hand gently touched my hips.

Damn it! I was not used to seeing this hot side of her, my body wanted her more than after.

She nipped my ear and purred, "we can make love in the kitchen the next time when no one is not here."

"Good idea, we'll eat our breakfast after that.." I grabbed her round butt and squeezed hard.

As we heard the giggling voice, I laid a kiss on her lips quickly before Maura's parents entered the kitchen.

"Maura... have we missed something? Your cheeks are red." Tara looked at Maura's face.

"Umm... I just feel hot because of the heat today." Maura winked, sticking her tongue out at Tara.

Maura gave me another side of her today that surprised me, and it made me like her more.

She seemed to be happy with her parents, enjoying food, and talking with her mom and dad.

When I first met her, she was miserable, not wanting to do anything and not willing to talk to me about her past. I forced her to sleep together in a bed and forced her to talk to me.

But deep in my mind, I felt like a coward whose not afraid of asking her whether she really loved me or not. If she rejected my love, and I didn't know how to live without her.

I honestly didn’t know how to get rid of my silly thoughts. Now I knew, I had seen her smile for a while and anytime she was near me was smiling like an idiot.

She loved me.

And this thought made me hug her fiercely.

As we hugged each other, suddenly Maura gasped and grabbed my arm.

I looked up at her, and her skin was glittering and her eyes turned purple.

"Maura, what happened?"

“Rogues!”

"There is an image in my head. Many rogues killed our warriors and most of the rogues break into our castle."

A Primordial wolf had the ability of premonition. It was quick and painful, but I know for a fact that this was a real premonition.

I hugged her, put her on the sofa and asked anxiously， “Maura, do these images in my head feel like you're watching it occur from your own eyes?”

"Yes! It feels like it just happened."

Maura struggled in my arms and shouted, "Henry!"

"What are you seeing in your mind?"

"Liam is in danger!"

"Whoa, slow down, Maura, which direction of the castle?"

"Ummm…," She bit her lips for a second, "I'm just watching hundreds of rogues sneaking into the north of the castle”

"Relax, Maura. I'm the most powerful Lycan Prince in the werewolf kingdom. You need to lie down to reduce the headache, and I'll hurry up to the north of the castle, I need to check a little bit."

I kissed her palm and rushed outside towards the north. As I arrived at the place, I saw many rogues fighting with my warriors which matched what Maura saw in her premonition.

"Henry, these rogues just started to fight with us one minute ago, how do you arrive there so quickly? I didn't inform you." Liam ran up to me.

"These rogues are so weird, we don't smell any scent from them." He said.

I didn't pay attention to him because what I saw at the moment caught all of my attention.

Dark magic!

These rogues could use dark magic!

"Be careful!" I shouted as a rogue was about to bite Liam's neck, I kicked a rogue's head heavily and grabbed Liam's arm.

He gasped and we both saw in horror as these rogues stood up again with a dropping eye.

"Oh my god!" Liam shouted as he saw what just happened.

This rogue was immortal. We couldn't kill him unless tearing his body apart.

Without any time to hesitate, there were several howls coming in our direction. I shifted into a wolf and growled at them, ready to tear them apart.

As more and more rogues were into pieces, the stench of sewage from these torsos spread out.

"Liam, go to protect Maura and her parents, I will mind linking the King and Queen about what I just went through. Remember, protect Maura as best as you can!"

I lifted a rogue in the air and snapped its neck, then tore it apart.

"Liam, whatever Maura will gonna say, keep her in the castle! She doesn't know how to fight!" I ordered him.

The next thing I knew, dozens of rogues circled around me, they were feral, very brutal.

The rogues didn't wait for me to speak more. They ran fast and were about to grab my arms.

My sharp canine teeth bit down on one of the rogue's necks and made it howl in desperation.

Another one tried to jump over me, but I flipped my body over and lunged at it, my claws grabbed on his back and shook it hard, killing the rogue.

Two dozen of rogues came up to attack me, and the others were still fighting with some of my warriors.

I gave them a warning growl as I kicked one and rammed one with my feet, the sound of rogues' bones popping out from many directions.

One rogue tried to bite my free arm but I rolled out of the way and my hand landed on the top of his spin. I bit down on his spinal cord and sucked its blood.

Something was wrong. I thought.

I was the strongest one, therefore most of the rogues must choose to fight with the weaker guards, rather than me.

Because some of the rogues may have a chance to live if they fought with my guards and warriors. But if they came to me, none of them had a chance.

Several rogues roared and howled loudly, "the Prince's warriors are coming!"

"We need to run!"

I and my warriors disposed of as quickly as we did before some of the rogues fled out.

Watching the fighting ground, I was drained and sat on the ground, this rogue attack was too random to be random, it came so quickly and ended so quickly as well.

As if they didn't come to attack us, but wanted to play with us or take away someone.

I thought most of us would think the same thing.

As I shifted back and turned my attention to some warriors that were unconscious lying on the ground, I ordered the rest of the warriors took them to the hospital.

"Henry!" Liam ran toward me and gasped in horror.

"I told you to protect Maura, why you're here?"

"Maura, she... she was kidnapped." He knelt down in front of me.

"What the hell are you talking about?!!"

Maura’s POV

Desperate pups and she-wolves ran for cover or hid under the tables trying to find a safe place. Some of the pups were splattered with red blood and dark dirt stains.

All of the chairs, and windows that servants and maids had worked many days to put together were torn apart on the ground.

"Help me!"

"Oh god, my baby is bleeding."

I could hear the screaming and howl, but still, I couldn't see anything, as if all but one of my hearing senses were turned off.

The hell was the only thing I could hear before me.

Henry? Where is Henry?

My gaze looked around for any sign of Henry, my heart beat fast in hopelessness. I had never felt this much hopelessness before.

My mind was in a mess, the castle was under rogues' attack and I didn't know where my mate was.

Was he alive? Was he get hurt?

I glanced over and noticed Liam and his guards in their wolf forms fighting off twelve rogues.

I prayed that Henry and his guards would be fine, that I could do enough to help them, like using my ability to heal all of them immediately.

Calm down, Maura. We will get through this attack, before this, you need to be strong.

Vanilla, I can't, I can't live without Henry.

Suddenly a guard wearing a royal suit grabbed my arm.

"Who is it?" I asked out loud.

He said, "please, please help Prince Henry, he was in danger."

I turned to him and didn't recognize who he was, his eyes were swollen and his nose was bleeding like a flood, I used my ability to heal all of his wounds.

"Wait, that was odd," I murmured.

I thought Henry would come to me and protect me on his own. He had been the strongest Lycan werewolf among these werewolves, so why was a strange royal guard who had a little wound asked for my help?

This man should be injured more severely, not just slightly bruised and blood on his face.

He thanked me and begged me for saving Henry as quickly as I could.

“Prince Henry was injured by dark magic, his left leg bones were broken, please help him!” The guard cried and screamed sadly.

I nodded without thinking too much, "take me to Henry."

Without hesitation, he led me to pass through the garden at the front of the castle, running for several minutes.

We walked through many trees, gardens and got finally stopped my steps until the manly scent of fresh morning flowers assaulted my nose.

I gasped and lifted my head, "Henry, is that you?"

But when a man slowly emerged from behind the tree, I stepped back.

My eyes saw black hair with dark red eyes holding a sinister look in them. A strong body, arrogantly walking towards me with a malicious smirk on.

“Adam, it’s you!" I shouted incredulously.

“Adam? No, I’m not.”

A chill ran down my back at his answer, my heart started to pump a fast rhythm.

Before I tried to shift, a piece of fabric covered my mouth and nose, then my head was pulled over a large sack, and I lost consciousness.

This man kidnapped me and forced me to the unknown world where this would be the end for us.